## Submission

This is my first CRAN submission. Thank you for taking the time to review!

## R CMD check results

There were 0 ERRORs.

There was 1 NOTE:

  * "no visible binding for global variable" for a number of variables in every function. Review of online resources and documentation shows that the note seems to be generated by the use of unquoted variables with dplyr:: functions. Will not cause problems if the intended workflow is followed, ensuring that all declared variables will be created at some point during the process.
  
There were 0 WARNINGs.

## Downstream dependencies

All packages passed (dplyr, stringr).

## R-Hub checks

Checked and passed in the following platforms:
  Debian Linux
  Windows Server 2022
  Ubuntu Linux 20.04.1
  Fedora Linux
  macOS 10.13.6 High Sierra
  Oracle Solaris 10 x86 32bit

## Comments
This package is intended to be used in really specific cases, as it pertains to one synthetic index that provides a spatial approximation to socio-economic variables. As such, it is intended to use 5 specific databses (Chilean census, versions 1982, 1992, 2002, 2012 and 2017) as the starting point. These databases will always have a set of variables that is specific to each year, and therefore allow for the assumption of some variable names. This is relevant because most of the examples refer to use cases that include some of these variables. For this reason, all the example lines were commented, so that devtools::check() does not run it and return an 'unknown variable' error every time. The examples were checked and validated by hand, and all were functional. Replicating them with the intended databases as starting point will produce the intended result.
